This directory contains the source code for the examples in the book:

 "The X Window System: Programming and Applications with Xt, Motif Edition" 
   by Douglas Young

publisher: Prentice Hall, 1990
ISBN  0-13-497-074-8
Availability Date:  Jan 14, 1990
Prentice Hall order line: 201-767-5937

These examples are similar to those in the original version of the book, "X
Window Systems Programming and Applications with Xt", which used the HP
widget set. However, these examples now use the Motif widget set entirely.
In many cases, you can probably follow along from the old book. However,
I've not made any attempt to keep the examples exactly as in the original
book. In some cases the examples are identical, except for the use of
Motif. In other cases, the examples had to be altered drastically to
accomodate Motif. In still other cases, I simple decided to try a
different, hopefully better way to do things. And then a few examples are
all new for this edition.

Note that these programs are examples used to illustrate various aspects of
X, Xt, and Motif for the book. They don't necessarily represent the best
way to write certain tools, nor are the programs necessarily useful in
their own right (tho I hope some are). Each program was intended to
illustrate some point, and therefore the programs are often somewhat
contrived in order to do just that and also to fit into the space allotment
within a chapter.  It's not that any example is necessary the wrong way to
do something, but the goal was to demonstrate a particular feature of Xt or
Motif, not necessary to show the best way to design a graphics editor, or a
file viewer, or whatever.  I hope the examples are useful for the purpose
they were intended to serve.

I've caught a few bugs and made minor changes to a few of the programs
since the book went to press many months ago. These are noted in the
programs where they occur, with the old code ifdef'd as

#ifdef JUST_LIKE_BOOK
 /* Code described in book */
#else
 /* Fixed or improved version */
#endif

There are also a few extra programs, variations of examples that didn't
make it into the book for one reason or another.

To build the programs:

1. Copy the files in the AppDefaults directory to /usr/lib/X11/app-defaults

2. If you have lots of disc space, just do a make in this directroy.

3. Otherwise, go to the lib directory and do a make

4. Then go to a directory of interest and make the directory or an
   individual program








